All right, so the first thing that we're
gonna do in order to build this page is
we're gonna implement our data loading.
We're gonna add a load function,
which should be very familiar by now,
export async function load.
And we're gonna grab the params so
that we know what view we're dealing with.
We're also gonna use the url and
the fetch functions.
And inside here,
we're gonna get hold of the view object
that relates to the current page.
And again, because we've got that
matcher on the route, we can guarantee
that this view object is in fact,
one of the views that we defined earlier
And we're gonna get the data
using the API helper,
which we'll import,
import*as api from lib/api.
Await api.get again,
we're gonna pass in fetch.
Then we're gonna use the endpoint of
the view that we defined earlier.
And we're gonna tell TypeScript what
kind of thing we're dealing with,
which is a movie list.
I'm gonna return some data
from this load function.
We've got the title,
this is gonna be the view.title.
We're gonna end up using
the endpoint as well.
Most importantly,
the movies themselves, data.results.
And that'll do for now,
we can start building it and
we'll come back to the rest later.
Let's create a script tag, lang=ts,
so that we can add our data prop.
The first thing that we'll do,
we'll create a wrapper element.
We're gonna give it a column class.
And inside the lad,
an h1 with the title of the current page.
Okay, so if we visit trending,
we get the trending title.
If we visit now playing,
we get the now playing title.
Basically all of the things that
are defined in our views.ts file that
correspond to the slug in question.
Now here's where things
are gonna get interesting.
Because on each of these pages,
we wanna have Infinite pagination,
we wanna have infinite loading.
But on browsers that
don't have JavaScript for
whatever reason,
we want it to continue working.
So if I go into my DevTools and
disable JavaScript,
What we'll see is that
when we scroll down,
instead of triggering infinite loading,
we're gonna see a next page link.
Click on that.
It's gonna take us to
the next page of movies
And so back in our data loading function,
You wanna get the current page from
the query parameters that were passed in,
In this URL because it's a URL
object with a search params map.
We can get page and
that's gonna default to one.
And we can just pass that
directly to our API, Like that.
And from our load function, we are gonna
tell the page whether there is an next
page or not, because eventually
you'll get to the end of the list
And we can know that if and
the page that was returned from the API
is less than the number of total
pages which returned from the API.
If it is, then we'll do data.page + 1.
Otherwise, we're gonna return null,
which will mean don't render
a next page link at all.
So it's time to start building
the component that is gonna render that
grid of movies and
enable the infinite loading functionality
that we saw on the deployed version.
Inside our lib directory inside
components, we'll create
a new component,
let's just call it ResultsPage.svelte.
Unlike the carousel,
this is gonna have a movies prop,
Which is gonna be an array
of movie list results.
I forgot to add lang=ts here, so let me
do that real quick and fix that input.
And we're also gonna have a next prop,
which is gonna be a string or
a null that's gonna correspond to the next
page link that we got back from our data
So it'll take us a minute to
build it to the infinite loading.
For now,
we're just gonna render essentially
a grid of all of the data at once.
Create a div class= results.
And inside there, we're just gonna
iterate over the entire movies array.
And for each of them,
we're gonna create a link,
And we're gonna direct that to our as yet
non existent movie page.
And inside that, we're gonna put an image,
which is gonna be the movies poster.
Give it an alt attribute
of the movie title.
And the source is gonna use that
media helper that we've seen already.
We'll pass in the movie poster
path with a width of 500.
And then back in the root,
we'll invoke that
results page component and
pass in our movies.
We need to add that next prop as well
And that's gonna be the current view,
data.view,
With a page parameter, It looks like we're
not returning that from our load function.
That will let's just fix that,
pass the parameter back into the page.
And then the page is gonna be whatever
the next page is, data.next_page.
Although of course, we don't want to
do this if there is no next page.
So we're gonna make this
whole thing a ternary.
If data.next_page is true,
then, Passing that whole thing,
otherwise that's gonna be null, in which
case, we won't render a next page link
So we now have some movies
rendering on our results page.
Again, they're kinda ginormous,
this is not what we want.
So let's go into that component and
start adding some CSS.
Our results div is gonna
have a display of grid.
And for now,
we'll give a grid template columns of 4,
and we're gonna make sure that the width
doesn't exceed the space available.
And we happen to know that all of
the posters that we get from the movie
database have an aspect ratio of 2/3,
which we can use to
prevent any layout shifts.
Okay, I need to figure out why
that's not doing what we expect.
I think it's because the image
also needs some CSS.
Add some CSS to the image.
Okay, so for this to fit on the page,
we need to make a small change to that
column class in our global styles.
This width here should in fact,
be a max width.
We want the width to be
100% up until that point.
And so now we have this nice, pleasing
grid that's showing all of the data.